greetings      hi hi. hello hello. hello. hello there. hello there how are you ? hey . hows it going good morning good evening good afternoon howdy what's up
approval     cool its cool good job nice job good work ok wow great oh is it? oh thats great Good Really glad well hmm hmmm hmmmm hmmmmm thats cool. cool. nice I am happy with your services. I had a nice trip. keep up the good work.
booking-inquiry    i want to travel i need to travel i am travelling to I need to book a trip to   i want to book a round trip  How can I book a car?  I would like to book a car. How to make a reservation? Can I make a reservation? I would like to go to. I want to reach. I am heading to. I want to plan a trip to. Is there anyone travelling to. Can i have a car for. I am going to. I want to go to. 
help-inquiry  I need Help. Can you help me? I need assistance. I need some assistance. Can you assist me?
payment-inquiry      is the payment secured? do you guarantee a secured payment? what is the payment method? what payment method do you accept? do you accept OM? do you accept momo? can I pay with orange money? Can I pay with mobile money? can I pay with credit card? do you accept credit card? Can I pay with cash? Can I pay using cash? 
location-inquiry     where are you located? can i have your googlemap position? located where are your office located? where are your services located? where can i meet you? do you have office in? 
disappointment-inquiry     service was overpriced  uncomfortable uncomfortably inconvenient misleading i am angry am not happy. I am not happy. I am disappointed. I feel bad. I want to complaint about. I would like to complain about. I was lost. i am frustrated about. i am stubbed on. I am stubbed at. I got a blocage on. I am encountering blocage on. I am bloqued at, I have an issue on
car-standing-inquiry      good car. spaced car. air-conditioned. car with music. car with good music. clean car. comfortable car Can I choose the number of seats 5 seats 7 seats
conversation-complete Thank you Thanks that's all. that's it goodbye. thank you for information thanks nothing else. am done thank you. its all i wanted. it's all i needed. am ok with this its all okay  well done thanks
pricing-inquiry   can i know your pricing policy? what is your pricing policy? current prices?  How do you price your services? Can I have the price list? What is the price? what is your pricing list? is there a tax associated to the price? 
discount-inquiry   do you have some promotions? is the promotions? is there any promotion? discount can i have a discount? can you make some discount? can you reduce price? do you have cheap trip ? I want a cheap price its expensive for me its expensive i need affordable price 
lost-object-inquiry     I lost my phone in the car.I left my wallet in the car.I forgot my sunglasses in the car.I left my keys in the car.I lost my backpack in the car.I forgot my laptop in the car.I left my camera in the car
handicap-care-inquiry    i am disabled do you  disabled person. person with disabilities. blind. deaf 
cancellation-inquiry    i need to cancel my trip  can i cancel my trip ? Is there a fee for cancelling a reservation? Can I modify my reservation after it has been made? How do I modify or cancel my reservation? What is the cancellation policy? can I cancel a reservation? What will it cost me if I cancel a reservation?
advantages-inquiry      what are advantages using your services? Can you list me some advantages I benefit as a client? list advantage your services advantages
availability-inquiry how many days are you available per week? Are you available every day? What are your opening hours? At which hours are you opened? o'clock AM PM 
hotel-inquiry  hotels  good hotels sleep in a good hotel , have my night in a good hotel, spend night in hotel, hotel for my stay, safe hotel
market-inquiry  can you suggest any market place? i need a market place i need a marketplace i need a supermarket where can i find a supermarket is there a supermarket around  where can i find a marketplace is there a market place around
contact-inquiry     Can I have a contact? Can I have your phone number? do you have a whatsapp number? Do you have a facebook page?  how can I contact you? what is your contact? Do you have a gmail account or something else ? I don't find your contact ?
confidentiality-inquiry   what about confidentiality, can we trust you? are our informations confidential? our private life info protected? do you protect our private life info? do you keep our info confidentially?
account-Troubleshooting-inquiry how can i register? how do i create my account? i lost my password? how do i recover my password? i dont remember my username   i need to recover my credentials i cannot access my account i have a problem with my account
insurance-inquiry  your insurance policy what is your insurance policy? how about insurance? are your passenger covered by insurance? 
application-issue-inquiry  cant install the mobile application  your  mobile application do not respond  your mobile application is too slow your can install the mobile app the app is too slow the mobile app i have a problem with your mobile application  where can i download the mobile app i want to download your mobile app